already to the street a merry christmas dear face sorry
You're Santa says he knows if the
santa liquidator is please go
to end up mother who lives here in the area
representatives and the scenes the reindeer
Truth is that here it was in training and
playing at home in caxias came back on foot
this music shit this afternoon
bugging the falcon
I'm not Santa Claus, Santa Claus, I 'm not Santa Claus.
I'm rodrigo tapa, not actually following.
to porto alegre
there sent me here doing cold 26
year-end is called who staff
From Brazil, it's hot
this optimized barbara shirt
rodrigo is drunk i'm going to enter because
today is christmas I had a car
had commented that I wanted a car
huh
I hope not to spend the last hour here.
the guards did not behave well gives a
Baby face hits woman on Thursdays.
after football
That's why he only wins Felipe's biography .
grandson can teach me
ozon bitch or your whore
Merry Christmas
I agree to Merry Christmas.
Santa Claus only row in the folder